Someone sticks their penis in a pie...
When you open a book from the public library...
You see mom not cooking...
When someone asks who shat on the floor...
You meet someone slightly below your league...
Your friend hits on the girl you called dibs on...
When a kid asks if your phone has games...
You though someone was waving at you and you waved back but they were waving to someone behind you...
Trying to get street cred...
When your parents asks you if you do drugs but you're high on crack...
When you don't need a calculator for 1+1...
First time meeting people while drunk...
You're at a party and you find dogs...
You ace a team in a video game...
You get a Pentakill with Master Yi...
After 10 grams of cocaine...
Walking into a school in the USA...
You find that one porno that you've been looking for...
When you ask your friends if they wanna play minecraft for the 501st time and they say no...
A new shotgun is released for Warzone...
Eminem is on the radio...
You browse the Steam store and an age confirmation prompt pops up...
Someone asks why you still play League of Legends...
When your homeboy get new jeans and their ass looks juicy...
You're 4 shots in and someone offers you 5 dollars...
Why you don't support BLM and you're white...
Once you turn 30...
Things they don't teach in Alabama...
Depiction of unconditional love...
When you step on you're dogs paws but they still love you...
Trying to stop someone solo pushing a team...
When someone didn't like wandavision...
First day in Denmark...
Walking into a Trump rally...
You're on your cheatday...
When you're a genius, billionaire, playboy and philantropist and you just want a doughnut...
Your crush leans in for a kiss...
Be there or be square...
Have you ever had a dream that you, um, you had, your, you- you could, you'll do, you- you wants, you, you could do so, you- you’ll do, you could- you, you want, you want them to do you so much you could do anything?...
When you're collegue opens up about their toxic homelife...
Someone drops a plate in Greece...
After dropping a big deuce...
When your homie says that he will kiss you...
She sees your dick for the first time and tries to act supportive...
When a toddler gives you their chewed up toy...
Saying "Calm down" in the middle of a heated argument...
Someone shows you a meme that you've already seen...
A kid wears a suit with padded shoulders...
The friend that dragged you to the party leaves you to mingle...
When you see someone fall in public...
Your sibling got a better christmas gift than you...
When you introduce someone to a friend and they start making fun of you...
You found the IRL mute button...
You're on a diet and you smell the neighbours pizza...
When you're watching your food cooking in the oven...
When you express a controversial opinion and your friends starts debating eachother...
Me buying useless shit that holds no tangible value...
You found a good stick trade villager in Minecraft...
When you're 17 and go on pornhub...
You let your girl peg you for a PS5...
You've watched a Linus Tech Tips video about a PC you'll never be able to afford...
When Skyrim releases a new version...
It's the 1st of November and christmas music starts playing in stores...
When your friend wont tell you how he got his hands on that PS5...
Wake 'n' bake be like...
When shits about to get lit...
The downfall of the western world...
When scientist splices genes for human cat ears...
After the Emoji movie got released...
When the poop goes back inside...
Friday shopping list be like...
Something touches your butt in a threeway...
Grandma telling me that I'm handsome...
You've finally lost your shit...
You order 2 Big Macs, 3 cheeseburgers, 3 fries, an applepie but you get a diet coke...
When the cheese is under the sauce...
Pewdiepie explaining how eating a pizza from the inside-out is the superior way to eat it...
Wednesdays on Disney+...
Your friend is too cringe...
Uncalled for cockblocking...
When you're being immature and someone says "How old are you?"...
You tell a story and you're full of crap...
If you cant see them, they cant see you...
When your friend doesn't enjoy your favorite game that you recomended to them...
When your friend doesn't want to get shitfaced on a tuesday afternoon...
When all you have are weird flexes...
Playing Resident Evil: The village...
When a girl has bigger balls than you...
When your friend is a Social Chameleon and has infiltrated the cool kids...
The finger goes through the toiletpaper while wiping...
When you leave the room after farting...
When she just wants to cuddle...
When you're forced to use a condom...
Getting into a heated argument online...
Acting natural...
First time anal be like...
When the password requires a special character...
Me during an online meeting...
Your friends making plans at 03.00...
Crushing the patriarchy...
When you and your friends finally agree on a game...
You're at an all-you-can-eat buffé...
You're signing up on a website and your email is already taken...
When someone is trying to explain the enitre plot of Star Wars...
You have the highest average altitude...
The employees at H&M asks if you're looking for something...
Some girl on tinders bio says "Not actually 20"...
Your friends keep saying "One more game"...
When you're confronting your partner about something they did but you end up apologizing...
The abortion is never past due...
When you haven't ordered food but a pizza guy is at the door...
